so can you tell me am i calling you Kate
or Kaveri no I was calling you Katerina
when I was first informed that you were
coming on stream
yeah even coming Kate gaze okay I'm so
Kate can you tell me a little bit about
you know what's going on with you
nowadays and and if there's something in
particular that you want to talk about
um what's going on with me nowadays hmm
well there's a lot there's a lot of
stuff going on back there or you know me
to a chat no reading to a chat no okay
okay uh they're either gone they got a
really good I can't see him if I don't
get turned you don't get to read them
you don't get to read them this is that
I can't because I only have one monitor
and i have this full screen mm-hmm you
should really get a second monitor okay
anyway I have one ah I can't figure out
how to plug it in I think it's like
really it's like I don't know anyway
it's I three morons actually in this
room Wow look at you three monitors only
one of them works I don't know let's me
going on lately a lot of [ __ ] I guess I
took two months off of streaming
recently because of recent events okay
uh yeah those're no we can talk about
them okay um well it's pretty pretty
pretty gnarly dr. Kang
basically I you you said you don't know
any of this right nope I didn't even
know how to pronounce your name until
today by the way I'm not laughing about
the situation I you should though that I
just like nervous laughter sister we
talk a lot about how laughter is a
defense mechanism against overwhelming
internal emotions yeah yeah I use
humor is a big defense mechanism that's
that's a that's a really really big
thing I make lots of jokes that I should
not make um but for anyway I guess well
what happened was I I had a boyfriend
and I cheated on him with several people
okay yeah and it's yeah that long story
short
okay yeah and Josh I can imagine that
the internet was not kind to you in that
circumstance oh no even and we're best
friends they love me the people love me
okay they're really mad just yeah it's
you know sorry I think it's it's not
good to cheat on people and also I don't
know that it's the Internet's place to
judge I think the judgment that you
really you know I think you aggrieved
one person right as far as I can I want
like like you you really messed with one
person right so like your boyfriend um
yeah but I hurt other people in the
process
I can imagine well yeah definitely
especially the boyfriend my ex boyfriend
now but okay do you want to talk about
this or also not talk about this I mean
I don't I don't know if there's really
much to talk about besides like I don't
know what is there to talk about you
know I kinda that's a great question can
I can I try to answer that sure yeah so
sometimes I [ __ ] up and I'm not I'm not
trying to say that you did or didn't
[ __ ] up that's entirely I did for good
that's for sure so so I think you know a
lot of times when people make mistakes
my sound is quiet okay let me try to fix
this hello okay I don't know how I can
fix this okay maybe hopefully this is
better
right now I can also turn up the game
sorry Kate oh you're good Joey is this
better
oh yeah fix it hello yep
I think way better turns out that maybe
one of the kids was playing with the the
game dial on the back of my microphone
but we're just kind of going back to you
know why people screw up I think often
times people make a mistake and then
they don't really understand what led
them to make that mistake and
understanding why we make mistakes in
life so I think a lot of times what we
do is we just punish people for mistakes
right but we don't necessarily learn
from them or what we learn is something
like a very very surface level
especially when it comes to something
like cheating on a partner which is like
we just learned that don't do it again
but what I've come to appreciate is that
when we make mistakes that they're
usually like there's something that's
driving you towards that behavior and I
think understanding where that behavior
comes from is like really really
important because if you just tell
yourself like oh I shouldn't do that
again like that doesn't actually change
behavior in my experience feeling bad
about yourself and sort of a moral
judgment is not really a great way I'm
not saying it doesn't work but I'm
saying that you know when I when I work
with I'm specifically thinking about I
do a lot of addiction psychiatry so I
work with a lot of people who will
relapse and then we'll mortal they feel
bad about themselves they'll hurt a lot
of people in the process they'll sell
belongings that or their family members
for the sake of like you know purchasing
drugs so that they can get money and do
all kinds of things that are morally
reprehensible and at the same time you
know feeling like a piece of [ __ ]
sometimes makes them more vulnerable to
the addiction yeah and so sometimes it
can yep go ahead sorry yeah well it's
they're happy of course when they feel
when they feel bad it's you know feeling
bad is gonna make them want to do some
[ __ ] coke or whatever they're
addicted to right so I think the the the
question about you know whether this is
worth talking about or not really you
know is about like whether there's
something to be gained I really have no
intention of making the internet think
worse of you then than they do or
anything like that yeah I honestly I
don't think okay so I mean otherwise you
know Kate if if you don't want to talk
more into that and maybe try to
understand because you said you cheated
on your boyfriend with several people so
that makes me think that there was
something going on inside you that you
really and and so to try to understand
that if you think that's valuable and
you feel like this is a safe enough
place to discuss it we can do that
because I I think one thing that we
haven't talked about much on stream is
like why do people cheat and it happens
all the time
okay sure
well yeah one thing is I don't want
people to think that I'm trying to like
garner sympathy
I guess just because like obviously you
know we talked before this and you know
I struggle with mental health issues and
um I think that yeah I made the decision
to cheat you know I made a decision hurt
those people
I [ __ ] up it wasn't you know my mental
health decision but but that's not to
say that it didn't you know obviously I
mean yes and as I'm sure you know like
mental health kind of can really mess
with your head yep yeah yeah I don't get
the sense that you're looking for
sympathy here or anything like that I
mean I have no idea if people are
sympathetic to you or not because I
ignored twitch at as best as I can while
I'm talking to someone I think the main
question Kate is like what do you feel
safest doing and what do you feel is
most productive like I mean I guess like
let me put it this way do you understand
why you cheated yeah yeah I took two
months off stream and just kind of
processed things and tried to understand
you know
my own therapist too and we we talk
about it a lot and yeah I understand now
look I can talk about it if you want
it's whatever I
I find myself being curious about what
you discovered about yourself because I
think that could be helpful for people
okay so I well for me I mean there's a
lot of factors and a lot of things but
it's it's several different things a big
part of it was my um my
depersonalization was something I really
struggled with what do you mean by
depersonalization can you explain
something else yeah that's like
depersonalization for me was like I'm
feeling like a like a passenger in my
own body like kind of you know how when
you look and when you interact with the
world in life your eyes are kind of here
you know your vision is here but it kind
of feels like what I do personalized
like my visions back here like I'm super
on autopilot and honestly I feel like
for the past or not now but like for six
months I just felt like I was a shell of
a person like I was new in living you
know what I mean and I think know what
would weigh in by that I don't know what
you mean um it just felt like my body
wasn't my own I guess like I was there
and I was just kind of like passively
living while my body just did things you
know like I wouldn't I didn't think
about anything I didn't process anything
like that you know and that is I deeper
ties when I get stressed or anxious and
I think the anxiety of my job and [ __ ]
like that which is my job is you know is
a twitch streamer mm-hmm okay yeah which
is pretty a pretty you know pretty scary
sometimes and then and then cheating
also things I do that too um
just triggered my depersonalization
stuff
yeah so that's so that that's your
understanding of it I mean there's more
but you know it's it's a lot like you
know obviously I wasn't happy my
relationship and I depressurize all
those feelings away you know it's just
it's just mainly what it was to
summarize it was I just kind of told all
my thoughts and feelings to [ __ ] off you
know okay I didn't process it anything
or I didn't think about anything and I
just like totally lived on autopilot you
know okay look can I just think for a
second yeah thank you for sharing that
by the way how are you doing I can
imagine that this could be rough to
share no I'm okay
okay I'm good strong work Thanks I'm
gonna just think about what you shared
and try to piece together a couple of
different things
are you depersonalized right now um no
I'm I've been trying to work through D
personalising I still do sometimes but
it's mostly when I when I get really
anxious or stressed and I feel pretty
relaxed right now and I have coping
mechanisms with it like like grounding
mechanisms you know and so I'll like
smell something strong or touch
something that feels funny I just don't
like it I'm I fidget even stuff good or
I go outside and you feel the ground um
so one thing that I want to be careful
about is you know you mentioned earlier
that you don't want you're not looking
for sympathy and and I'm gonna if it's
okay with you Kate I'm gonna point out
where I think that something you say may
be misinterpreted and may lead to people
hating on you so one thing that I want
to point out very explicitly because I
don't want people to walk away from this
with like an incomplete understanding or
an unfair judgment and if they want to
judge you for cheating I think that
that's fair but you know one thing I
just want to point out is that sometimes
people think that if you D personalize
and you're like watching yourself move
that removes responsibility from your
actions what do you think about that I
agree but I mean what can i I guess I
just don't know what to do except for
like that's what happened you know I did
make the decision to cheat it was me you
know that wasn't like my my mental
health or my depersonalization making
the decision that was me but I it was
full and anxiety inducing obviously and
so I it like triggered my [ __ ]
depersonalization whatever and which is
some why I've always had I realize now
in the past and stuff and then yeah so
I'm I'm what I'm just pointing out is
that I don't
I don't hear you saying although I was
afraid that people could interpret what
you said is it's not my fault because I
depersonalized
okay so I just wanted you know like they
can exist together yeah
absolutely that's exactly what I want to
clarify because I'm afraid that without
understanding that we can understand
better what that means but you know I
just don't want to have people coming
across with the idea that you're
absolving yourself from blame by
depersonalization yeah cool so let's
just think a little bit about this so
you were saying that you weren't you
said obviously I wasn't happy in my
relationship so that too is not obvious
to me well I mean if you're cheating on
someone you're probably not happy people
a lot of people a lot of people think
that but in my experience that being
unhappy in a relationship is not the
only reason that people cheat it's a
common one but sometimes people cheat
out of ego or narcissism or the fact
that they feel like they can right so in
in in in some really uneven power
relationship like in uneven power
dynamics I've seen one partner cheat
just because they feel like they're
entitled to yeah I work with a lot of
executives so yeah I mean not to you
know bash executives as a whole but
sometimes people tend to be a little bit
nurse I also work with a lot of
physicians so so let's just think about
this for a second so I'm gonna try to
unpack what I understood so it sounds
like you had some feelings and those
feelings were hard for you to tolerate
and processing and experiencing my
emotions and feelings I use humor as a
defense mechanism and I am really bad at
processing sadness as an emotion great
you know who else is bad at processing
their emotions
pretty much right so
oh yeah so I think what what happened
what sounds like you had some you know
authentic feelings of unhappiness or
maybe insecurity or god knows what else
and then as you started to d personalize
you kind of shunted those feelings off
to the side and then what I'm guessing
is that cheating somehow you know
balanced or covered or helped you forget
it about the negative feelings yeah yeah
and I think I think when you're in our
long relationship like that feelings of
oh god I can't end this you know like it
I you know I don't want to say stuck but
you know what I mean like when you're in
a long relationship in you even if
things might not be working you want to
keep working at them you know what I
mean because you know you care about
that person and you've been in the
relationship for a long time yeah um can
you tell me a little bit about the
relationship he was we dated for for a
long time and I met him before I started
streaming everything and I guess I don't
know we what is a long time mean it's a
long time bye boomer standard sir
streamers no no Sumer standards what is
that
couple years okay uh but the couple
means to yeah okay and a long time we
yeah especially because you know we
started dating when I was young so and
when you when you start dating some
you're really young and I also started
dating him this is actually kind of
important [ __ ] so no I think for you at
least someone analyzing my brain we met
months after my dad
died and so kind of in the wake of that
we start dating and how old were you
when you started dating 18 we met on my
18th birthday yeah
so I was 18 when we started dating and a
few months after my dad died and he was
very comforting um but I I don't know
two major things relaxed in the
relationship um one I have vaginismus
and so our sex life was pretty not good
Wow I'm really being open about this
well can you explain to us what
vaginismus is yeah vaginismus is
basically like so it's it's a so it's a
mental thing like a lot of people who
were sexually abused had vaginismus
and it was it's like basically he's
cannot explain it's like a mental thing
where basically you Jenna broke vagina
broke it to work okay let me it's hard
to fit things in there let me try to
give a different definition of it sure
yeah you should do that no I think
you're doing great it's just you know
vagina broke is you know I think you did
a funder fellini what depersonalization
is I think you've explained a lot of
things really well so there are two
issues that I have with with your
definition of vaginismus first is vagina
broke and second is that you think it's
a mental thing so in my experience
fashion business is not purely a mental
thing
vaginismus yeah well you physically it's
a physical thing too but I think it's
caused by mental stuff usually but how
my therapist and I talked about it it's
like I guess it is a physical thing too
because we talked about it like um when
you're you know sexually abused and you
it's like muscle tension there
I don't know okay I'm I'm gonna just
interrupt you and explain and then we
can talk about your how you and your
therapist have talked about it
so vaginismus is spasm of like the
muscles of especially the entrance of
the vagina so essentially what happens
is like you know your body has a lot of
muscles and and you know different kinds
of openings like I know this this
reminds me of beavis and butt-head but
literally it has sphincters and and
sphincter is like a circular muscle that
contracts and relaxes this is gonna get
so taken out of context but it really
isn't really to understand no no I'm not
worried about it
taking being taken out of context for
you I'm worried about you guys that are
gonna I know I'm giving him so much but
seriously I mean this is important to
understand because I think vaginismus is
something that's like not like people
don't a lot of people a lot of women
will have a gene is amiss and they don't
understand they just think that they're
they think actually exactly like you
think that my vagina is broken but it's
not that your vagina is broken it's just
you have a medical condition that needs
some kind of treatment and then you're
able anyway so what happens is
essentially you have spasm of the I
think mostly the outer muscles of the
vagina which make it which make your
essentially your vagina like clamp down
and then you can't really you know
insert anything into it and when you do
try to have sex it's often very very
very painful because or doesn't work
because your your that muscle is like
clamped down very hard and so you just
can't engage in any kind of sexual
relations and so it's it's so I really
think about it as muscle spasm is really
what it is and and you know Kate is spot
on that a lot of times
vaginismus I think has if you look at
like the population of people who are
vaginismus and now I'm kind of curious
about like how common of a problem it is
and I think it's important actually it's
sometimes a kid is really common - yes
so so a risk factor for vaginismus is
the sexual trauma and and this is where
once again we kind of get to the fact
that like you know a physical thing is
not just purely
physical thing nor is it purely a mental
thing it's like her her body has trained
or has been programmed to like have that
that muscle spasm in sort of a
protective way or whatever it may have a
mental component to it in terms of as
you get anxious then your body is gonna
start to spasm more you may you know you
may have like an anxiety attack or
something like that like your heart rate
increases blood pressure increases
mental stuff in your head has all kinds
of physical effects on your body yes in
fact yeah so so vaginismus is one kind
of vulnerability that saw a particular
body and has to respond to a mental
stressor and we each have our each of
our bodies is like a little bit unique
in the way that it responds to strengths
so when we're mentally stressed
depending on the kind of stress that we
feel our body is going to do different
kinds of things some people will get
butterflies in their stomach
some people will start to hyperventilate
some people will have a panic attack
some people will emotionally shut down
or D personalize some people will have
vaginismus some people will you know
piss themselves like all like the body
just does all kinds of crap that like we
don't want it to do because we're just
that's just the way our body works based
on mental stuff and so so it sounds like
you have vaginismus and and I forgot how
we got onto that so it sounds like you
would you started dating your boyfriend
when you were eight our issues are ear
issues okay my vaginismus or sex link
wasn't very existent okay and and also
uh but we weren't we didn't I don't know
how to word this I wasn't well I'm
really bad at accepting my emotions and
processing my emotions already and I
think that he wasn't good at doing you
know he also wasn't good at that sure
and so we I guess we didn't talk about
our emotions at all which was my fault
because I wanted you know I wanted
someone who was there for me mostly I
think subconsciously but I didn't admit
that to myself it was a lot of like
feelings I had
just kind of pushing them away like what
were the feelings that you had like I
won't have sex but like whatever or you
know I want to have someone who's there
for me emotionally but whatever you know
just kind of pushing it was he not there
a problem
it sounds like he was very comforting
after your dad passed away was he not
there for you emotion no because the
thing is my dad died like I dealt with
things in a humorous way so I would just
make jokes about it all the time so then
you know and I'm also pretty I don't
know I'm pretty good at dealing with
emotional trauma have practice that's
sad sorry Matt laughing nervously um but
yeah we weren't I guess we just weren't
really we didn't really connect
emotionally just not very good at
helping me with my anxiety which was the
biggest thing and I had a lot of anxiety
what were you angry about I relationship
anxiety a lot which is like um you know
what is that really annoying I don't
know I guess just like I'd relationship
anxiety like thinking maybe he wouldn't
like me anymore or you know maybe he
wouldn't maybe he's gonna lose feelings
for me or you know whatever I think in
the beginning of the relationship I
latched so much onto I want this to last
forever I want to marry this person that
anything that could threaten that scared
the [ __ ] out of me and and then which is
why as it moved on even though I know I
should have ended the relationship like
while ago I didn't because it when I was
he personalizing so I was like whatever
problem doesn't exist and - I just
wanted to make things work because when
I was [ __ ] 18 I decided I'm gonna
marry this guy so you know yeah but why
did you want to make things work because
I I loved him and I cared about the
relationship and I think uh I don't know
my I think um because he was the person
it was there for my dad died like he
kind of filled the void that my dad left
I guess in a way you know someone who to
spend time with who was there for me who
took care of me you know he would cook
for me sometimes and you know like he
was very very caring and very you know
like yeah so I guess it was did you feel
like you owed him um yeah I guess I owe
it to him to keep my promise
I guess what was your promise that I
that we'd get married and that we never
very good this is so weird to talk about
on the street what's weird to talk about
I don't know this is the most
emotionally vulnerable I've ever been on
screen like this is should I only really
talk about my therapist do you want to
stop no it's whatever it's good it's
good to talk about things I think um you
know maybe I have a slight advantage
over you because since I'm a Boomer
sometimes I forget we're on stream I I
was forgetting to I think that was why I
was like it only it only helps to ignore
the thousands of people who are watching
yeah I guess it's also scary cuz I don't
want to embarrass my ex boyfriend
because maybe his friends are watching
you know what I mean so that's that sure
so you you don't want sure good I mean I
think it's good that you don't want to I
mean it's like he's coming on stream so
he didn't say you know yeah so so let's
just think a little bit cuz I I think so
let me say this Kate I think that a lot
of what people are gonna be taking away
I I hope that what they take away is not
specific to you or your boyfriend I
think the whole whole reason that we
stream to begin with is because what we
feel applies only to us actually applies
to a hell of a lot more people like if
there's a single person who's watching
who actually hat has vaginismus and is
super super embarrassed because they're
18 years old and like just thinks that
their vaginas
and like just think about if you're a
woman who feels like your vagina is
broken like how much shame comes with
that and the fact that yeah shame is a
big one how some I don't know
well there I guess because I was
sexually abused as a kid you know and a
lot of shame came from that like I
remember it I stupid
I mean it's not that it you know it's
silly I guess I had this memory of when
I was a kid and I was looking at these
like apples to apples cards and I was
like probably like seven or eight or
something and when I was sexually abused
I was like it was from like four to six
it's like for a couple years and I was
looking at this like apples to apples
card and it was it said I'm pure and I
remember thinking I looked at it I was
like crying thinking that I'm not pure
and I'll never be pure because of what
happened to me and I guess that memory
just sticks in my head of like shame
feeling ashamed for something that I
didn't ask for you know um yeah it's a
powerful memory don't click around close
your eyes no no no tea you're gonna
you're gonna make like take this
Dragonite just close your eyes okay tell
me what you feel it's hard to keep feel
like it's hard to keep my eyes closed
absolutely I'm looking I know and what
you want to look so so looking so let's
explain why we close our eyes when we
meditate oh yeah so I I hadn't thought
about that so if you if you want to open
your eyes to feel safe by all means open
them sorry for nothing
sorry for what I interrupted you you
know no it's good I'm glad you did
because you just taught me something
about you know when people
a history of sexual abuse closing your
eyes can make them feel vulnerable which
is something that I should I should
remember the reason that I was huh
know that about myself that closing my
eyes well that's what we're here to do
the reason I was asking you to close
your eyes is because I think generally
speaking when it so here's what I see
you you don't it's hard for you to sit
with what's on the inside and if we
think about our sense organs the purpose
of our sense organs is to take our
attention and put them to the outside
right that's like literally what they do
like if I open my eyes and I see
something then a fraction of my mental
attention goes to the outside thing so
what what instead of closing your eyes
since that maybe makes you feel a little
bit vulnerable I want you to take your
teacup and place it in front of you
okay and I want you to look at the
grains of the wood on the teacup yes is
just stare at the grains of your teacup
and then tell me how you feel right now
I guess I feel relieved like to be
talking about something that I guess I I
feel I feel happy because I know there's
so many victims of sexual abuse who
probably watch this dream and I feel I'm
happy that they're not alone like no no
no cuz it's scary it's scary to talk
about that stuff but if I was watching
this I know I'd be like wow that's
really cool you know that someone who
went through something similar to me is
like I can look at them but I guess to
be honest I also feel kind of guilty
because this guy comes off we're gonna I
think but I feel bad anyone who has to
relate to me because I don't want them
to think that they're a bad person
because they have stuff in common with
me and you feel like you're a bad person
yeah yeah keep acting at the teacup
okay now what do you feel no no so I'll
ask a leading question now is this the
feeling that you had when you were seven
years old and you looked at the
apples-to-apples card and it said pure
um I guess yeah ashamed I'm like tainted
I can feel like I'll never be the same I
feel like I have like you know the
Scarlet Letter the book uh-huh
I feel like I look at a on me forever
you know
yeah do you think that you cheating on
your I'm gonna ask you another leading
question
okay so feel free to say no but do you
feel like you were destined to hurt
people because you are tainted I'm happy
to hear that now I'm going to ask you
sort of a weird question I'm hot because
I think everyone has a lot of good in
them no one's really evil or a bad
person and I think everyone at their
core is like everyone maybe not everyone
but most people want to do good and I
think I'm one of those people where did
you get that idea where did you get the
idea that you have a core of goodness I
guess it's something that you kind of
know something that only you can know
because if you can only know what if
someone is good if you only know if
you're good placed on your actions when
no one else is watching and I guess I'm
there when no one else is watching and
so I think I'm a good person too I guess
I guess I think both at different times
you know both what I'm a good and a bad
person okay then I guess we all are - so
Kate I'm gonna push you a little bit
further okay so and if this is hurtful
at some point you let me know and I'll
get back pain is important sometimes I
think so I'm I'm gonna put together a
version of you which is going to
be like just half of you right so this
is the person who looks at a card that
says pure and then thinks deep down that
this doesn't apply to them that you're
tainted the person who has a brokerage
ina the person who you know cheats on
someone who supported them and comforted
them and and there's that person how can
that person feel like they're good
because that's that's not all there is -
so tell us what else there is what else
what have you show me the rest of it and
then yeah I like to cook for people I
don't know it makes me happy to make
other people like feel good and like
take care of them sure I like to show
people music make them happy I like to
drive people around I like to help
people when they're sad I love when
people come to me when they're sad or
anxious it makes me really happy to help
them because they trust me and I guess I
guess I know that I have a really hard
time opening up to people interesting
people and I'm glad that they have
someone to trust and open up to and I'm
also glad that I can be that I'm glad
that I can experience that side of them
because recently I've been trying open
up to myself more and everyone else and
really talk about my feelings because
I'm really bad at being sad and it's
because of my PTSD you know and all my
passionate cuz you know like that was
really hard and then my Papa died he was
my mom's dad when I was 11 and then my
dad died and you know it's just like a
lot you know for someone young to go
through and so from all that I guess I
just became really good at like D
personalizing and like pushing all my
bad feelings away and not thinking about
them because it was easier now that I'm
really
trying to open up and process my bad
feelings and tell people when I'm
anxious and sad and like not just deal
with it on my own I guess
well so many thought yeah I don't I
don't think you lost your train of
thought I think your train of thought is
forming no I mean I I think I think the
thoughts in your mind are not like a
train that you lose it's like a tree
that's growing and so thoughts start to
sprout and then they're kind of like
half formed but they're not like really
fully formed yet and you're just in the
process of like growing your
understanding about yourself that's
really beautiful yeah I'm big about
nature analogies I love analogies dude
no it's interesting there right so we
blame ourselves for not speaking clearly
or not understanding ourselves we we
expect of ourselves an omniscient
understanding and also a perfect
articulation but but we're just figuring
ourselves out as we talk you know like
we're learning about ourselves while
we're explaining ourselves to other
people yeah which is why it's so
important to talk about your feelings
because you can learn so much about
yourself - yeah Oh putting on it feels
really can I ask a I'm sure so we you
mentioned that your grandfather passed
away when you were 11
can you tell me about that you said oh
that's a lot for a kid to deal with yeah
what I mean obviously but you know what
was he was like my main father figure in
my life um my my papa
is what I called him he was my my mom's
dad and I lived with him up until I was
like seven or something so we and I
didn't live my parents my mom's a
lesbian my parents got divorced when
they I was six months old and so my dad
always lived like two hours away but
he's always very like it was never the
dynamic of like oh it is my dad care
about me it was always more the opposite
which makes me feel guilty now -
especially that he's dead that
he was always kind of looking for my
affection rather than me looking for his
oh and try that my pop yeah my papa was
um was yeah go ahead sorry I'm just no I
was just curious though in what ways was
your dad looking for your affection you
would try to like buy me stuff or try to
like I don't know he just I think he
always felt that he cared about me a lot
more than I cared about him and I think
that was true to a certain extent and I
think a big part of that is because I
was really young and dumb and I really
wish that he could see now that he's
gone like how much I [ __ ] care about
him you know like even even when he died
like I don't think my brother thought I
cared that much you know it was like I
guess that was another way to call like
god I'm so terrible expressing my
emotions and like how I feel about
people that like my own brother thought
that I didn't really care that much that
my dad that I did like God I'm [ __ ]
[ __ ] that what I'm getting better
why didn't your brother think that you
didn't care that your dad passed away I
think cuz I joke around a lot Kyle this
too though my brother um but I don't
know I guess cuz I was so [ __ ]
[ __ ] I was 17 when he died you know
like I was a senior in high school I was
just like not focused on him I would
when I was in place and shows I'd forget
to tell him about it even though that's
all he wanted to do is just see me
perform and sing and you know what do
you what are you feeling now I just kind
of stressed out yeah you seemed amped up
so go back to looking at your teacup oh
oh okay nothing just discord lighting
just look at your teacup for a second
and then tell me what you feel
okay the grains I feel like I I should
go back to explaining about my papa
I also I don't know I think I just lost
my feeling I have a habit of doing that
yup trying to make myself laugh or
feeling something else really quick and
and losing the feeling what do I have a
lot of trouble crying if I ever feel
like crying I I like cry for like 20
seconds and then it's done it's really
hard for me to cry unless it's out of
joy or Kate can you hold on a second so
beautiful my two-year-old seems to be
having a meltdown I'm gonna be right
yeah yeah let's go pee if you need to
yeah hey Frankie how you doing I'm doing
well
okay strong work so far how you feeling
yeah I'm good I just you know had a
little bit of a hoof in the bathroom but
it was good good yeah what was those a
little bit of like what is that I'm
gonna anxiety that's not a real word
yeah what what were you anxious about I
feel um maybe it wasn't I guess it just
wasn't really the right feeling maybe I
think it was I was overwhelmed with my
emotions and also I feel good because I
opened my discord and I just saw a
message from like a viewer that just
said like like I I love you and I just
don't know and then my mom's are
watching and and they're they just they
text me and said they're crying and they
love me and they're proud of me so so I
guess it's like overwhelmed but happy
yeah so it sounds like there's a lot of
positive emotion and a lot of negative
emotion that's swirling around inside
you like a washing machine I love
okay so let's go back to your pop pop
pop tell me about your Papa uh he's
pretty cool he's kind of epic cool guy
yeah my mom was at work a lot growing up
so she definitely liked my mom and I
were really close growing up but my dad
was you know I seemed like every weekend
pretty much my mom worked a lot but we
were so really close but my papa was
like always home when I was home you
know and when you're like when you're
really really young that's when your
home the most often and he was just
always there for me
my brother and I talk about this a lot
like how my dad more raised my brother
and my Papa more raised me and that
caused a lot of differences in us and
losing way and um one thing is like my
dad was kind of he he was an alcoholic
and so he wasn't always that nice to my
brother um and you know kind of would he
just wasn't that nice and or supportive
a lot of the time you know he was
judgmental of him and you know the kind
of parent who would be like I don't know
I I wasn't there but long story short he
wasn't a nice woman and my Papa just
treated me like I don't know I think
he's the reason I'm so like extroverted
and bubbly and um curious now like the
reason I have any cheese he treated me
so patiently he taught me to read when I
was like really young really really
young like I think it's headed reading
when I was like 2 or 3 or something like
really young he just answered all my
questions was always so patient
encouraged me to be curious I really
liked dancing and singing as a kid and
like acting and stuff so I would like
dance and sing on the fireplace for like
hours and you never ever make me stop
you just sit there and support me and
encourage me and you know make me sleepy
soup and he was just so lonely yeah he
was just so amazing and then he got
dementia which was holy [ __ ] like wow
you know he got the men
yeah hold on a second yeah well holy
[ __ ] Wow let's translate that okay um
holy [ __ ] Wow is roughly translated -
that was very hard for like I don't I
think I think I went up like two years
so like nine year old k2 process sure I
mean I miss rent like we were two peas
in a [ __ ] pot it was always Katy and
Papa always together hmm
and and what what was it like - I mean
what did you understand back then
understand yeah well I don't know I just
knew that I was watching the person who
raised me and Wow I was watching him
deteriorate and I didn't understand it
fandom he died when I was like 11 I was
like two weeks before I started middle
school I think and um and I remember
everyone like flew down all my family
flew in and he's in the hospital we all
knew he's gonna die it was like a long
long process you know true where you
know like I'm sure you or you know a lot
of people watching and probably dealt
with you know um people they know having
dementia or Alzheimer's and um so hard
seeing them like forget about you of
course like as a kid I didn't really
understand it but I'd also you know gone
through a lot of the kids so I think
mentally
I'd already learned how to do
personalized and how to push things away
so it was like you know I didn't feel
like I was them at the time yeah and but
I remember wind whenever would use in
the hospital and everyone know he was
gonna die like that night road knew how
close poplin I worry about everyone is
in his hospital room there's like a lot
of us and and I remember they're all
taking turns saying goodbye to him and
holding his hand and everyone kept
telling me go go hold his hand
I wouldn't and I just would not I just
kept saying no no I don't like I don't
want to and I think obviously like that
makes a lot of sense with how I handle
things now just like pushing things away
it's not real don't worry about it just
don't help us understand what makes
sense to you now
um do cousin together for us um it makes
sense now because how bad I am at
expressing and processing my emotions so
I just kind of ignore them and focus on
something else when you say you're bad
at processing emotions is that like
basically like you saying my vagina's
broke someone's gonna break an emotional
processing unit no I used it actually
when I was in high school I used to
think of my brain like a broken clock
like I just did not understand like I
just did not understand how to process
emotions or how to how to be and there's
just I think it was just because of like
the sexual abuse thing really really set
me up for failure in that department so
can I just say something I don't think
that you're bad at processing emotions
what do you think about that
I don't maybe I'm open to your
interpretation an opinion so so here's
here's what I think happened I think
when people get sexually abused and I
know this is gonna sound kind of weird
but I'm not even so sure that there may
have been more there than that like I
don't want to point to that as the
smoking gun but I think what happens is
so the reason that you D personalizes
like so this is well understood and
people who have trauma from a young age
that they dissociate and they D
personalize and that's essentially a
protective mechanism yes it is and and
so I think rather than thinking about it
is you being bad at processing emotions
what I want you to understand is that
you almost have like an emotional
resistance and every time like with
sexual trauma essentially what it does
is it like jacks up your emotional
resistance and so you're like immune to
any kind of emotional damage the problem
is that that also makes you like color
blind to all kinds of stuff and what I'm
hearing from your life is that you
essentially
like our leveling up your
depersonalization skill was like it's
like Oh like let's let's like let's love
like let's buy this skill when you're
sexually abused and then when Papa dies
away it's like yeah let's dump some more
points into that scale and then your dad
passes away and it's like yeah let's
dump some more points into that skill
and then then the tricky thing in life
is that like what makes life hard is
that we use the skills that we're best
at which sort of makes sense right like
that's how [ __ ] works like you just do
what you're kind of good at because
that's what you lean on it's not like
you wake up one day and you're like I'm
gonna instead of walk I'm going to swim
across the ground you just don't do
stupid things like ignore things that
you're good at your body's like this is
how we move from point A to point B if
we are on a solid surface and that's the
skill that we use because that's what
we've used our entire life and what I'm
hearing from you and I think it's really
awesome that you piece this together for
yourself but I want to kind of even dig
a little bit deeper and recognize that
you're not bad at processing emotions
being resistant to your emotions has
been a survival skill for you yeah
because watching yeah so watching you're
your best friend in your primary
caretaker start to crumble from the
inside and like him to not recognize you
like that [ __ ] is enough to traumatize
you you know even without the sexual
abuse and the sexual abuse is enough to
traumatize you any one of those is
enough to [ __ ] you up for life and then
you toss in like a little bit of that
vaginismus and now we're vaginas broke
motions are broke yeah and then get the
internet hating on you
oh that's great love that honestly
though I'm so lucky that I'm good at the
survival instinct of it's not my friend
yes so I want to explain this I would
this exactly my point is it's not luck
it's like lip it's not luck that you're
good at this
it's something that you have your brain
has and psyche and stuff is like leveled
up it's like you're not immune to
emotions because of luck you're immune
to emotions because you've leveled that
[ __ ] up your entire life yep and yep yes
I mean you've got a lot of hurt in there
somewhere in the OL noggin but yeah I
think when I when I lost my Papa like
the it was really hard to I don't know
that's when I started becoming like a
weird kid you know like hey not that
these things are weird but people I also
went to a Catholic school so that was
really hard too because I saw all the
same people all the time and they were
really judgmental especially like my
idol lesbian mother so they all [ __ ]
hate like judge me because of that
and I dealt with that a lot in middle
school in elementary school and then I
also like the the sexual [ __ ] they
didn't know about that stuff but because
I grew up in a Catholic environment it
made it way worse than I felt super
impure you know and I felt even more
shamed because of all the Catholic stuff
but I also got really into like like
role-playing online you know like I got
really into the internet life when my
Papa died um you know and then they
could pay man I don't really know
wizard101 and take down and making
internet friends because I didn't like
the people that I met in real life you
know or I got really into horror movies
welcome sister embrace us for we didn't
really the Internet's
and you belong here and I got really in
the horror like I love horror movies
score I love that stuff and I think it
was because death at a young age you
know and then what I got what you keep
doing that where you say you know what
is that I think there's value to what
you say I just I I'd like to understand
the rest of it [ __ ] see okay so a way
for me to connect people when I talk to
them to make sure they're on the same
page as me maybe I don't know you know
okay so so you you became one of us yes
and I got really into that and now
actually through all this like the last
two months I've realized that I win my
papa died so handling my Papa's death
which I didn't even realize I was
handling that until I went to therapy
and I talked about like we talked about
history of depression whatever and I
talked about how I was pretty depressed
in middle school and I didn't know why
until she was like when I do pop then I
was like oh right before I started
middle school she's like I was like oh
all right like that's why I was so
[ __ ] sad in middle school my papa
died right and I feel like losing him
versus dealing with my sexual abuse
versus dealing with my dad dying versus
like this I would compare my papa
and this situation dealing with these
last two months the most similar to each
other how they feel and a big part of
that is because I guess I've kind of
taken to like I want to watch horror
movies again and you know like scare
myself again I don't know how to talk
about this okay yeah no I mean I think
it's just it's growing that that trees
growing that's all so tell me when you
say when you say this is the most
similar that you felt to I mean this
feels the most like when your your Papa
died how do you feel right now or over
the last
or you know how's that been for you well
it's really weird um it's really weird I
guess it they're not like super similar
I would just compare it to that more
than the other stuff that I've gone
through and you know when my dad died I
also was going through my first real
break up at the same time like we broke
up like just a little bit before so that
was very hard so it sounds like this
most recent relationship was all coming
off the back of a breakup and your dad
passing away it was a it was months
after but yeah okay okay it was pretty
good but can you tell me a little bit
about your dad's passing and what that
was like for you I was in high school
and I actually had just seen him that
weekend we my brother and I and he lived
where I live now in the town I used to
do hours away and we would come up here
sometime because to go Disney and stuff
and we would stay at his place and I
would uh I don't know we have seen this
place when we had to spend time together
and the last time I see last time I ever
saw him was Friday and he died on a
Sunday or Monday it was a 16th of
October 2017 um and we we had gone to a
to a hockey game and like spent the
whole weekend together the weekend
before and in that weekend Kyle and I
went out to go to Disney and he cooked
us breakfast and it was really nice and
it was really good and I remember
feeling like wow my relationship with my
dad right now
is really good like I feel good and I
for a while I actually thought I he's
bipolar
and I thought I was bipolar as well for
a while but I was like nah I'm not
bipolar and then now my therapist thinks
I might be by anyway that's a good point
I was really relating to him based on
like how he felt emotionally and we were
like having deep talks finally about our
emotion
um even though you know sometimes he was
one time for it he was drunk and I was
very uncomfortable about that but
whatever after that when he died I
remember because I had gone through a
breakup right and after the breakup I
was like cuz it was a long-distance
relationship - so after that breakup I
just kind of wanted to go go go go go go
go I never want to be home kind of
scared of being alone scared of being in
my room because that's where we always
talked on you know on skype and and so I
was dill go go go go for however long it
was like a month or two and then mmm
when my dad died it was like wolf
everything kind of stopped and I didn't
have energy to go go go and how did he
pass away hypertension and alcoholism
was though okay so I didn't fix cutely
or was it like do you just he drank
himself like he drank his whole life but
the thing was he had just gone to the
doctor like a few weeks before and got
he was bragging everyone like clean bill
of health
it was seven I mean no sudden we we all
kind of we tossed around the idea of
like god dad drinks have [ __ ] on and
he smokes a fuckton and like you know
geez you know but it was sudden I was
very I was surprised I guess I knew it
would happen but I did not know what
happened then I guess what death is you
know what's gonna happen but you don't
know what Kate can I ask you and sorry
if this question is insensitive but if
your mom is a lesbian
how did your parents get together where
did you like so mom was Catholic as well
and she was raised that being King is
wrong and so she fell in love with my
dad and how she describes it is she's
not bisexual because I've asked her this
question because that's confusing she
describes it as um basically she fell in
love with my dad who he was as a person
but she was always like attracted to
women you know what I mean
I had sex and they had children but it
wasn't until after they got divorced and
she actually divorced him because of his
alcoholism not because she was lesbian
after they got divorced she was like I'm
a LESBIAN I'm gonna live my life as a
lesbian yeah that I hope that explains
just sort of a job and my mom has been
wait the same woman
dawn who's my second mom for like 10 or
11 years now so she's been here for a
while and she's is really nice socks
going from three parents to two but you
know still got to it's okay yeah um okay
so you just so how you feeling right now
good you you you look like you feel good
mm-hmm
anything in particular that you want to
talk more about no I mean I guess
there's a lot of stuff to talk about but
I don't know what I don't know is there
anything you were like anything that's
stuck out to you yeah so let me um let
me try to explain how I understand what
this conversation has been like because
in a sense it's been all over the place
yeah and and I think that that's okay so
like sometimes you know when we talk to
people there's like a particular thing
but I think in your case the main theme
that I'm getting at is you know this
idea of emotional processing and the
avoidance of emotions and for us to try
to understand that like it's not that
your brain is broke and it's just that
you know vaginismus I think is one
example of emotions being manifested in
the body so I talk a lot a lot about
this because people don't understand
what their emotions are I don't think
you understand what your emotions are
you know you feel a lot and I think that
you're just not ready or capable yet of
sitting with what that feeling is and
putting words to it but I'm getting the
sense that there are large pockets of
emotion that have been present through
many parts of your life because we'll
see you get emotion
natira and and like you can you have
like stories you have pictures right so
it's almost like the way that you
describe your life is depersonalization
so you can't tell us how you feel but
you can paint us a picture of a seven
year old girl looking at an
apples-to-apples card you can paint us a
picture of an eleven year old girl and I
know you're feeling things I'm just
gonna keep plowing forward okay so so
you can paint us a picture of an 11 year
old girl who doesn't want to tell their
grandfather goodbye and I imagine that
you feel some degree of guilt over that
you know you can like like there's a lot
there's a there's a parent who's who
longs for your affection and and you
know tried to win you over and you
didn't honor that in the way that maybe
you should have and so you feel guilt
over that and and so you can paint us
all these pictures and that's that's I
think actually is a really good
representation of what your life has
been like you don't know exactly what
the person in the picture is feeling but
you can get as far as yeah death sucks
am i right and like that's kind of like
where you are right now and I think it's
great that you're you know at least you
you're accessing them and so it's sort
of like I don't know if you've ever been
to like a really delicious restaurant
where you eat something like you know
maybe like really good guac and then
like you don't know exactly what's in
there but you know it's really delicious
and you're like is that a little bit of
garlic a little bit of lime a little bit
of cilantro is there like some onion
powder in there and so and it's like
what's in there right what's in there
dude exactly and and I what what I'm
seeing from you is that you know you
you've figured out that like there are
emotions in these areas and you can
connect to some degree of shame or some
degree of being impure I was actually
really happy to hear that you know you
do have a sense of your goodness and
that you can sit with this like
dichotomy of like 'hey i can be a piece
of [ __ ] sometimes
but i'm also like a fundamentally good
person
or I can believe that about myself but
this this experience like with that was
so hard I thought I was a bad person for
a long time and then in high school I
realized like no I'm not I am just
emotionally closed off because I thought
it was a bad person in the sense that
like you know girls that I be friends
with would be like your [ __ ] you know
you're insensitive cuz I make jokes that
were me and or I would just like I was
just really bad at expressing my
emotions you know and so they thought I
came across was really cold like I will
never forget there's this one [ __ ]
girl
I'll never get this she said to me if
she said to someone else actually kate
has no empathy and that is burn in my
head forever especially because god damn
it I have held that girl's hair while
she threw up no one else would I am so
bad at watching people throw up sick but
[ __ ] like she would she would throw up
and I would hold her hair I've been in
like five plus times that [ __ ] dude I
have empathy okay I just don't express
the same way yeah but yeah I really was
a good person later it's officially cuz
do you get sick when other people throw
up that's an expression of empathy
exactly so I think you know as is common
is that a lot of people who have you
know are emotionally closed off will
have physical manifestations of their
emotions like vaginismus or like you
know sickness in their stomach or like
they'll have GI problems or things like
that
oftentimes but anyway just kind of going
back to go ahead sorry I was like
Audrina thought and then I got
sidetracked by that story oh well I was
talking so I was just talking your sense
of goodness and I think I were you were
kind of thinking about oh yeah this
[ __ ] thought that I wasn't a good
person but I was because I held her
[ __ ] hair while she beaut and how dare
she oh there she and I think it's really
remarkable that you you do have a sense
of goodness because I've met many people
who have been through half of
what you've been through and they're
pretty convinced that there are other
pieces of [ __ ] on the inside
essentially that that seven-year-old
girl in the way that she felt kind of
carries with them so I'm kind of curious
about really two or three two things
then I can offer a couple of other
topics one is like the one emotion it's
kind of interesting you know there's one
emotion that I think has been very very
absent over the course of our entire
conversation and I'm kind of curious if
twitch chat can figure out what it is
I'm gonna look at twitch chat is that
okay let's see what they say
okay ah beautiful they got it right away
yeah that's so good twitch chat I'm very
impressed because it's usually the
emotion that we see the most stuff
actually on this stream yeah I do not I
do not I'm not at all yeah so that's not
how we work right so so so let me just
like I was oh my god wait that's
important actually could I tell you
brothers really quick sure
I was like terrible I was a terrible kid
really really bad angry outbursts like a
lot a lot of really angry outbursts like
I would just have these meltdowns just
like don't talk to me yeah like really
terrible when I was a kid but then they
just went away like I don't feel him
anymore I feel I think I don't know I
mean I get angry sometimes but I think
I'm good at expressing my anger in a way
that's not angry did that make sense
sure but do you feel anger sometimes
yeah but I just feel anger about any of
this stuff because it's just sad okay so
you know not I mean different people
experience different levels of emotion I
feel anger towards that girl who [ __ ]
I see that there we go
yeah and and so far you know if I want
to ask a cut like so here's the first
thing so let's just think about this for
a second so you say that I don't really
feel angry and sure you have anger bits
of anger here and there but generally
speaking I think that you know some
people
certain emotions more than other
emotions and and it just seems like
there's a remarkable absence of anger in
so much of what you're saying like I
know this sounds kind of weird but
oftentimes children who have parents who
die or angry at their parent for dying
it's not logical but it's oftentimes how
people feel you know oftentimes people
who end up in relationships where they
feel stuck which it sounds like you felt
stuck and we're not saying that that
justifies anything that you did or
didn't do but oftentimes people will
feel anger towards the person who keeps
them stuck or they will feel anger
towards themselves I'm curious do you
feel anger towards your ex-boyfriend or
towards yourself towards myself
sometimes that that's been really really
hard I wanted to talk to you about that
that's been really hard over the past
two months like dealing with cuz I dealt
with trauma before but dealing with when
my dad died and my boyfriend broke up
with me
you kind of know how to deal with that
stuff you know like okay this [ __ ]
happened to me I didn't do anything
wrong I just have to sit and be sad and
I can do whatever I want with that
sadness with those emotions people
understand what I'm going through I just
lost a parent you know like it was hard
but this is so different because I
[ __ ] up I made the bad decisions I'm
the bad guy I'm the villain here there's
no way that this story can make me be
the good guy I'm the bad guy here you
know and and um I guess that's just so
been so hard to deal with and it's been
it's really hard to grapple with being
angry with myself because I think I've
always been really good at loving myself
throughout everything pretty much also
skill you level out by the way hmm
also a skill do you leveled up by the
way yeah definitely yeah I think I'm
very confident and good with myself
which is good
it's real you know I'm very proud of
myself for levelling it up but I felt
like cuz I guess
you go through all this trauma and
you're bad at expressing it the person
that you feel like is always there for
you the only person you feel like you
can trust is you and so I guess I just
gained a lot of confidence in myself in
my kid I can teach myself can you tell
us how you leveled up your self-love
because I think that's something a lot
of people struggle with I remember when
I was in middle school and I really
really was dealing with it I think I
just like kids just looked at me like I
was weird you know they were not very
nice to me and it was hard for a while
and I really didn't like myself for a
while but then the way I did it was just
fake it to you make it I just it's
really like I just acted like I used
instead of using self-deprecating humor
I've always been a very person you know
comedy focused person so I always abused
jokes and humor to cope with stuff and
whatever as you can see obviously it's
looking a lot but I was I would um make
jokes about how I was the best make
jokes about how I'm the [ __ ] you know
and maybe that's not the best way to go
about it but eventually it's like when
people when you force people to view you
as confident by telling them you're
confident then you become confident and
that was probably not the best way to go
about it but I think it was a
combination of that and trust in myself
after dealing with so much [ __ ] that I
can always get through it and I have the
power to get through this and I don't
know that explains it very well yeah
sorry I think how did you develop the
trust in yourself that you're gonna get
through it
experience not like just I have so
I thought I can get behind yeah cool so
you were saying something about anger
towards yourself because you are at
fault here so in the past I survived so
just to kind of catch people up so
here's what I remember the frame of the
conversation so in the past you've been
able to get through it because you
recognize that like this wasn't your
fault this was just bad [ __ ] happening
to you and you've survived it before so
you're you can survive it again but this
time it's different because it's not bad
[ __ ] happening to you it's you you're
the villain and so it's not the same
[ __ ] yeah it's really it's been so hard
to deal with
not that I what's been hard to deal with
I guess going through something really
hard but I'm not the victim you know
does that make sense yeah makes a lot of
sense um so I think what's hard about
going through something when you're not
the victim very impressive by the way
that your psychology has not done some
sort of mental gymnastics to make you
the victim that's usually what people do
seriously I'm not that's not a joke it's
like yeah no I'm not I'm not victim um
the hardest part is definitely the hurt
I put these people I care about through
cuz I care so much about the people that
I hurt and yet I still did it and
getting wrapping your head around that
and just to regret and the hindsight is
twenty-twenty you know looking back and
thinking god I [ __ ] could have done
it differently and I didn't and just
kind of it's easy to be upset with
yourself it's easy to hate yourself it's
easy to not trust yourself because no
one else can so why should you you know
and and it was really hard because I had
been
one there from me the whole time they
cut through all my whole life and now am
I even there for me anymore like do I
even love myself anymore do I even trust
myself anymore you know and and that was
the main thing I struggled with I'd say
struggled yeah you use the past tense
for that so have you come to summit yeah
I have forgiven myself it was like
everyone else around me had to forgive
me and I did too which was weird
that was something I never dealt with
before I thought I'd die I'd deal with
but I you forgive yourself understanding
what did you learn why and that I won't
do it again I think that's the biggest
thing I having confidence that I won't
do it again is the thing that helped me
forgive myself the most and I have that
confidence now where does that
confidence come from understanding why
don't you understand why I did it and
whatever lots of things um feeling stuck
not communicating my feelings not
processing what I was feeling choosing
to push that away and now I'm making a
point to be brutally honest which not
option but you know my therapist says
it's like a pendulum so when you when
you have so much force and resistance
one way and you're like [ __ ] I'm lying
about [ __ ] all the time and then you
just you'll you know swing the other way
so right now I'm in a more of a brutal
honest kind of area where I want to I
over communicate which is I'm trying to
work on finding a balance sure right now
I don't know why I was asking you you
know what why did you do what you do and
what did you understand about yourself
and so tell say you felt stuck
yeah I felt I don't stuck I felt I felt
pulled a lot of things but but no anger
anger towards myself I guess it's like
the anger I feel is very like God okay
you're such an idiot but then when I
feel anger a lot of times I'm able to
just like feel it for a second I just
kind of laugh about it okay okay cuz
it's like [ __ ] I'm a dumb [ __ ] like I
[ __ ] up holy [ __ ] but you know
sometimes you have to laugh at yourself
you know [ __ ] stupid you are
sometimes yes or anything that's
important I think um you know I'm
noticing something that I think is maybe
where your confidence comes from I think
you own who you are yeah yeah I accepted
I guess I accepted that I was a liar I
accepted these labels I accepted that I
was a liar that I was a cheater I
accepted that I did not prioritize
anyone but myself even if I didn't do it
from a malicious place my the outcome
hurt people very badly I accepted those
things and I accepted that I did it and
accepting that and accept it I'm able to
forgive myself because I didn't push the
blame onto anyone or anything else
except for me and accepting that blame
makes it easier to move on because it's
it's like the restores balance I suppose
yeah I think that's a very very
important principle which is that if you
you know if you blame I don't even know
how exactly it says but if you blame
someone else for your problems you first
of all aren't in control of your life
because it's there
fault not yours and the other
interesting thing is that if you make
excuses for yourself or other people
then you can't forgive because if
there's an excuse there isn't a sin and
if there isn't a sin
there's no capacity for forgiveness so I
think of a big problem that I hear a lot
from our community is that like how they
asked like how do I commit I mean how do
I forgive myself how do i more and how
do I move past this and the first
problem is that they make excuses and so
if I make an excuse like there's nothing
to move past from because there's it's
not my fault there's no need to accept
who you are and it's a really powerful
thing to stop making excuses for
yourself and also a very hard thing
because a lot of times making it not
making excuses for yourself is to let
that part of you that feels like you're
tainted take control and then beat the
[ __ ] out of you which is not the same
it's a really fine tightrope to you know
not let your shame take over but like
let it have a seat at the table because
a lot of times what people will do is
they're like I'm a piece of [ __ ] and
then they start like this whole like
rant about how they're awful people and
that's not mourning or acceptance that's
just you ranting yeah I guess the reason
I'm not angry with myself anymore the
reason I don't blame my I mean I blame
myself but you know the reason I'm not I
understand myself and I think I think I
learned that especially in the past in
the past month specifically I deserve
understanding just as much as everyone
else does the understanding that I give
to my friends when they come to me about
a problem or a mistake they made the
understanding I give to people in the
internet who make mistakes the
understanding you get to anyone when
they are honest and vulnerable with you
I deserve that too and I deserve to give
myself that and I think by allowing
myself to understand myself it was a lot
easier for me to move on from it do you
deserve forgiveness from others maybe
not I think that's a person-by-person
you know I think that's up to everyone
to decide that's a good like oh yeah I
think
I have a lot of friends that I lost
through who will never forgive me and
that was awful like people that I love
love now will never talk to me again um
but that's okay
it's consequences like people people
from my life outside you know who had
nothing to do with twitch not my
roommate so here it's been wonderful but
other people like I one of my best
closest friends there were two weeks
where he didn't even talk to me now
since then we have become very very
close but and not like that I know
there's like a joke like no it's not but
um but I I think there's just so much
loss in such little time of respect for
myself from other people
I felt like my job was gone my so many
my you know longest relationship was
over my other relationships were gone
like so much loss and the biggest one
was the loss of respect for myself and
love for myself but I gained it back and
I feel good now and I accepted that I'm
the reason I lost those things and I can
gain them back if I want to strong words
Thanks I kind of feel like that's a
that's a good place to end but what are
you yeah no no yeah we can do whatever
you want no it's just a you know I
really liked what you said there because
it's sort of like so I like that you
don't feel like you're entitled to
anyone elses forgiveness because I don't
think you are I think it's fair to
expect others to try to understand and
and we've had there's it's interesting
because I remember actually we had a
stream with this guy named LS now a
couple of months ago and there was this
one point where he was kind of sharing
so he he would he was like bad as a kid
and would like I think he was like in
court or something as a child
and I don't remember the exact or maybe
it was a school like tribunal or
something and then everyone was kind of
trying to figure out like what to do in
terms of punishing him and then there
was only like one person in the room who
was like we need to be asking ourselves
why this kid is doing this [ __ ] in the
first place because people don't usually
do this and and I think a lot of people
are very quick to judge and I'm not
saying that people should not judge I'm
not saying you're entitled to
forgiveness but I do think the world
would be a far better place if along
with our judgment we tried a dose of
understanding and and I think it's it's
a really tricky I mean you really walk
in a tightrope Kate which makes me think
that you're you really have grown and
and I respect you because you don't
believe that you deserve forgiveness
from other people because you don't no
one deserves forgiveness forgiveness is
for someone else to give if they want to
you're not entitled to [ __ ] from anyone
else when it comes to forgiveness
and and I do think you should try to
forgive yourself but that too is not
something you're entitled to myself yeah
I see that that that's abundantly clear
to me and you know just in terms of you
know so I I know that there are concerns
about how the internet feels about you I
have no idea what's gonna happen after
this and I hope that you know you they
don't attack is fine I hope they don't
take you guys I mean hasn't happened yet
but I'm sure it will one day knock on
boys and and you know if you do kind of
struggle from some of this stuff from
from time to time then then or if
there's some kind of aftermath and we
can support you through that feel free
to let us know but overall I think it's
been awesome talking to you I think it
was awesome that you shared as much as
you did about so many different things
so sometimes I teach people how to
meditate are you interested in that
yeah I when I have panic
ax I meditate I meditation kind of yeah
I can see that
so in a sense I actually already taught
you a technique do you have a sense of
what I'm talking about
No so like when I was asking you to look
at the Oh Cup and I don't know if you
noticed but I think your your more
emotionally accessible and you're able
to articulate sometimes a little bit
better when you're looking at the cup
and and maybe that's just my perception
but so I'd say maybe well so I'd
recommend a sensory technique for you
because it sounds like you do those
already let me think
what's funny what's funny about it
it's me it's my buddy you know it helps
it helps me out what come to you are you
drinking green I just got this like
really nice authentic Japanese green tea
leaves unusual good let me just think
what are we gonna teach you in terms of
meditation what do you what do you want
- is there something in particular they
want to get better at or learn there's
so much I want to get better at and
learn holy [ __ ] um toss a couple things
out there well honesty is a big one
communication I think I'm getting really
good at those though I think I'm getting
really good at being honest and
communicating and I think something else
I really want to get good at is uh
processing my emotions you know like
really really thinking about what I feel
why I feel it and expressing those
emotions to other people I have a really
hard time with that and I'm getting
better but okay that's that's a big one
um I want to get better at not be
personalizing because that that's it's
it just makes life feel so
dull you know like you don't remember
half of the like alright the last six
months I mean it's not that I don't
remember it but it's it just feels like
looking back at it feels like like it
feels different
you know that make sense sure so I think
we're gonna try to build on I'm gonna
give you a focus but I think let's build
on your teacup because your teacup is
your buddy it's your tea couple of help
you the only thing that I'm struggling a
little bit with is sometimes I ask
people to meditate along basically to
have our viewers meditate along I think
it's gonna be a little bit trickier
because I'm gonna ask you a couple of
specific questions which they're not
gonna it's not gonna apply to them so
what I'd like you to do is sit up
straight and actually refill your teacup
but don't drink it yet
and will also give people actually I'm
gonna run to the restroom and I want
everyone else to grab a sensory object
that they can look at and or something
that they can drink or eat preferably
drink so something that you can take a
sip of that has flavor
well it doesn't need flavor and then
grab a sensory object that you can look
at that as a lot of well yeah yeah we're
gonna meditate together yeah so why
don't you guys grab that Oh we'll just
take a really quick break I'm gonna run
to the restroom and then we'll get
started
camera turn off the camera while you
meditate okay no while I go to the
bathroom oh yeah yeah well you go to the
bath I wasn't going to [ __ ] up your
overlay or anything okay I'll be in
there I'm not sure if it's gonna [ __ ] up
my overlay either but let me do this oh
no wait it dropped out of the call when
I did that okay I'm gonna leave that
here for a second and then I'll be right
back okay
come on man go pee
all right twitch chattin are your back
oh well a lot of people watching okay
alright let's see I'm eating almonds mmm
- we will do ASMR meditation Joshi
returneth so guys grab your stuff so am
i doing something wrong
I think she returneth hello hello
[Music]
alright so okay so what I want you to do
so we're gonna go ahead and begin so I
want everyone do is sit up straight so
you you I noticed you sit with your
knees up I want you to just pause for a
second close your eyes unless you feel
vulnerable again and I want you to feel
the curvature of your back yeah is it a
hand
no no just with your sense of self and
then then what I want you to do I don't
know if you can do this or not but
you're sitting cross-legged or yes okay
I want you to take so when you sit
cross-legged and what I want you to do
is take your is which of your legs is on
top is your left leg on top of your
right leg on top okay so I want you to
take your right ankle and I want you to
put it if you can above your left hip
like it's all the way up uh-huh yeah now
what happened to your back when you did
that it straightened weird huh okay good
so can you hold that for a little bit
good so now what I'm gonna ask you to do
is so I'm gonna ask you a couple of
questions and essentially what this
technique is gonna be is I want you to
pick the focus of your what you're gonna
look at okay and it's place your focus
in front of you and then I'm going to
ask you to evoke an emotional memory
okay yeah I'll tell you which one pick
but for people at home so just like
think about a
point in your life that was emotional
and then as you what we're gonna do is
you may experience feelings and try to
like work through that memory and if the
feelings get to be too much or they feel
overwhelming and you can't separate them
out I want you to focus on on the object
that you're looking at and as you stare
at that object start to process those
feelings and explore them further
because as you so the reason that things
feel overwhelming is because you're
getting a flood of emotions all at once
and when you direct your attention
towards an external object your
attention is not looking at the
overwhelming amount of feelings anymore
and so what it does is narrows the
spectrum of what's overwhelming you two
things that is then gonna be under
hopefully understandable as long as you
keep your attention on the cop does that
make sense that makes any sense but okay
so I want you to think about your your
pap being in the hospital okay okay and
think a little bit about you know
they're there they're coming to tell you
that you know it's time to say goodbye
and maybe you should come and say
goodbye and everyone's taking their
turns and think a little bit about how
you felt when that was coming and
everyone was kind of going in and out
and then they came to you and they said
what you can answer um they just told me
to go hold his hand and think about how
you felt when they said that what did
you feel hmm it says in denial that's
not a feeling that's you reflecting back
what what did you feel like doing when
they said come hold his hand
as I felt scared right so so good you're
doing it so like you're looking at the
cop and and so you've identified an
emotion which sort of as like obvious in
retrospect but like you you it's the I
felt like running away that's the
experience of the emotion it's not a
hypothesis it's not like an analysis I
was in denial no you weren't in denial
you were afraid mm-hmm right and and
what were you running away from what
would have happened if you had gone into
the room and held his hand I'd have had
to say goodbye and I'd have to let my
family see me in an emotional state and
you didn't want them to see you that way
why not because I want to be viewed as
strong and I have trouble being
vulnerable emotionally with people so
we're getting into analysis but good so
I want to be feeling strong no that's
okay so I'm gonna point these out to you
right so do you see the difference
between I want to be few too strong
that's from in here that's wrong and
then there's the analysis on top can you
tell the difference between those two
things
right one is like it's like a raw
feeling of like I want to run away I
want to be viewed a particular way and
then you can dig into that you know the
why and the how and the what with your
therapist do you want to continue
exploring pretty good okay so just tell
me what else so what did you say to that
when they said come to Edison skip
saying no I'm okay
I don't want it and how are you feeling
each time they said hey it's it's time
soon any I wanted them to ask me again
because I wanted to say
and what kept you from saying yes I
scared of what
saying goodbye why did you want to say
yes because I knew I had to say goodbye
I didn't want to close your eyes sit
with those feelings
what are you feeling you can describe a
physical sensation if that's easier said
regretful did you say goodbye no want to
give it a shot right now
no I think I think I did it over the
years in a way yes oh I don't think
you're ready yet so what I saw there was
fear did you feel it came up again like
you open your eyes they flashed open
yeah there it is yeah that was fear
right hmm I asked you do you want to say
goodbye and what did you feel
there absolutely you're not right to
take advice but you absolutely have to
when you're ready but I don't think that
he needs to you don't need you can still
say goodbye when you're ready that makes
sense yeah yep yes all right so now you
get to drink your tea and just taste it
for a moment so before you do this
before you taste it actually I want you
to just as you taste it recognize that
everything that you just felt is just a
piece of you and in a weird way I want
you to try to deeper
and lies a little bit as you taste the
tea just notice what's real and anchor
yourself in the reality of the taste of
the tea
refreshing yeah and where is the fear
where's the fear of saying goodbye not
there okay where'd it go I drank it it's
weird huh so that that's okay
so I feel like this was way easier than
I was expecting it to be I don't know if
hey I don't know because I mean I I
think you know we access some very real
emotion especially when I asked you you
know are you do you want to say goodbye
now not like you saw at least I can see
it but I think you did a really good job
because I think you you you know by
focusing on the cop oddly you managed to
uncover a couple of things which are
sort of like obvious but like you know
the fact that the way that other that
your parents perceive you or your family
perceives you like that's been important
to you you know there's a lot of
actually really important stuff there to
explore further and I think about
meditation is like sort of a compliment
to therapy it's not necessarily a
substitute and a couple of things to
further explore ideally with your
therapist or on your own through
meditation or however you want to do it
one is this idea that you wanted them to
keeps asking right and there was a part
of you that did want to say goodbye or
not that want is not the right word
there's a part of you that still knows
that you need to say goodbye but that
you absolutely don't want to and when I
think when I when it comes to you know
all of the emotions that float around
and guide your behavior and trigger your
depersonalization it's now I'm actually
going to teach you something that will
help you okay so as long as you're
carrying around this fear of saying
goodbye to your grandfather your
threshold to D personalized is going to
be higher a [ __ ] sorry lower so I want
you to think about depersonalization is
like a bar like a debuff bar that fills
up and if it fills up all the way then
you D personalized yeah
this stuff around your grandfather is
like it like fills up your bar at 20% so
all you need to get is 80% to tip over
into depersonalization it's like a 20%
fills up your you know your poison meter
or whatever and like after a certain
amount then you get poisoned yeah yeah
so so this is why it's important for you
to let go of this stuff because you know
I I don't oh I don't think that's saying
goodbye is gonna be nearly as bad as you
think it is yeah and I think that in a
bizarre way saying goodbye is going to
be a way for you to actually reconnect
with your Papa but I don't think it's I
don't think you can understand that
until you do it yeah yeah I think you're
right I think I anything goodbye is
necessary and I will yeah I guess it's
just hard your loss is so hard to deal
with like in general not just people
dying yep it's really hard to deal with
you look spent yeah yeah it's kind of
tiring to talk about your emotions for a
while yeah yeah cool any questions for
you before you wrap up for the day no I
just want to say thank you so much like
this has been a really cool experience
you have a really cool way of delving
into people's brains and I feel really
good and I'm glad I came on so thank you
very much you're very welcome and thank
you for coming on because I think um you
know I I think the whole point of this
is it's not me that's doing it right
it's you or us and and you know talking
about things like I'm really happy that
you know we had a chance to talk about
something like vaginismus because that's
one of these problems that like people
just go their entire life but
that they're broken and and let me just
say this to you guys if you feel
fundamentally broken in some way shape
or form about your body your mind your
being your worth as a human being you
should definitely go talk to probably
actually start with a doctor because the
number of things that make people feel
like they're not like other people and
that they feel like they're
fundamentally broken so here's the
really cool thing decent chance that
some kind of doctors somewhere can
actually help you with that [ __ ] and
then you don't have to be broken anymore
but the problem is that you never tell
anyone about it because you feel so
shamed because of how broken you weren't
on the inside and sometimes that stuff
is like actually physical like you know
you can get treatments for all kinds of
stuff I had a guy one one time who had
gone his entire life with skin sound
kind of it's gross but like basically
anal leakage
and he just yeah it sucks because he
would just you know and and like that
[ __ ] got fixed in his life was different
afterward and so he just thought he was
an incompetent human being because like
people don't go around [ __ ]
themselves and he does so like he's a
piece of [ __ ] sort of makes sense no pun
intended and and you know like so get
stuff checked out like even if you think
it's like super super embarrassing and
like you're completely alone and no one
ever has this problem and something is
fundamentally wrong with you if you
think that something is fundamentally
wrong with you get that [ __ ] checked out
yeah life knowing what is wrong because
everyone has their own struggles that
they're always going through everyone
does knowing what is wrong is the first
step in improving yourself cool yeah
yeah I can get behind that yeah awesome
Katie thank you so much thank you
good luck Thanks and and I hope that the
internet does not hate you and also feel
sympathetic for you because you didn't
want them to do that yeah
time they can do whatever you know
they've got a mind of their own
purchased they're showing take care
adios yeah bye bye dad I'm chattin and
chattin is finished
alrighty oh my god
I see a $10,000 donation what the [ __ ]
okay hey okay I will check okay so um
call me Carson fog absolutely man
all right so first of all and so many
different things to say I just need to
process for a second I'm feeling
overwhelmed
you
so the first thing is like I don't want
you guys to go through life like
thinking you're [ __ ] up
right and it's like really sad like I
can just because that's what happens
right like I I remember feeling this way
when I was in my early 20s and I guess I
thought oh man it's totally aced by the
way that she was like yeah two years ago
I was young and it's like lady you're
still young they're like 20 but you know
it's it's I just wish that I could read
people's minds and like see people on
the street who think that they're broken
on the inside and just tell them like no
you're not broken like that's just not
true right and I want you guys to think
about you know seven-year-old Kate and
you know looking at like an
apples-to-apples card such a powerful
story and then just seeing pure and just
like thinking like that's not gonna be
me like I'm not like that
the thoughts and feelings that we have
the things that we believe to be true
about ourselves the aspects of worth
that we treat as facts or born in such
insidious places and then they just grow
like our entire life right like in and I
think Kate is really in the minority
here because she's incredibly resilient
usually people get way more [ __ ] than
she is like by if they have what
happened to her and I just don't know
how else to say that it's just like I've
seen complete train wrecks this is what
we used to call [ __ ] life syndrome you
know anyway but and like so just stop
and think about if you feel like you're
an awful piece of [ __ ] or like a waste
of space or that other people are better
than you and you don't deserve
forgiveness or any of this kind of crap
you don't deserve to be happy because
you're a waste of space and you just sit
there and play video games all day and
like all this kind of crap about
yourself just know that's just not true
like I understand that you feel that way
and just like Kate did when
she was seven she felt like she was
never gonna be pure is not good and and
like I don't we can't blame her for
feeling that way because she had things
happen to her which made those feelings
feel true and you guys have had [ __ ]
that's happened to you which makes your
feelings feel true and I'm not saying
that your feelings are wrong what I'm
saying is that you shouldn't form a
conclusion about who you are as a person
based on that feeling right of course
she feels tainted for the rest of her
life and of course she feels weak for
not saying goodbye to her grandfather
and she's still not strong enough and
she's not strong enough right now and
that's [ __ ] okay why does she need to
why do we expect ourselves to have all
of the strength that we're going to gain
over the course of our life now like
where did we set up that expectation
it's okay for her to not be strong
enough and it's okay for you to knock
these socks off right like and and do
what she do what she did like how did
she like start to love herself it was
sort of like you know accepting that
she's like she was like yeah I'm kind of
a dumb [ __ ] and that's not like her
beating herself up it's actually like a
positive sort of thing and it's kind of
like I I think that's the answer it's
not fake it till you make it because
that's not really how it happens that
leads to imposter syndrome it's not
getting other people's validation it's
actually like accepting that you are
flawed in some way and we see this in
like Alcoholics Anonymous where they
start every meeting with with you know
hi I'm so-and-so and I'm an alcoholic
well when was the last time you had a
drink 34 years ago it's like how are you
still an alcoholic and it's like no man
I'm still an alcoholic and and so I want
you guys to really just stop and think
about you know do you feel broken and do
you feel like you're unredeemable and
recognize that those feelings are real
and they come from a very real place but
they come from a place that is
incomplete they come from an
understanding they're born at the age of
seven after you
sexually abused it's born in a
seven-year-olds mind cannot understand
the nuance that is life in that feeling
in you is primitive because it doesn't
have qualities and it's not logical and
it like doesn't make sense but it feels
very real it feels fuel it feels real
and start to explore it and see where
that came from and and don't just
because you feel that way and it feels
true does not mean it has to determine
your destiny or the the next phase of
your life it doesn't have to and all you
have to do is you know take your teacup
and look at it and go back to like
exploring where where was that feeling
feeling born for you where did it come
from
yeah because it's just not fair for you
to live your life like that and you just
don't need to and I just don't think
it's fair and I don't want you to do
that to yourself because you deserve
better
you deserve to treat yourself better and
you deserve you're just like this is the
problem right it's like so many things
so many of the people that we work with
like they start to get better and then
they don't believe they deserve to be
better so they actually stop trying and
it's so [ __ ] mean right like you guys
have actually spent times of your life
where you've started to become good
people but then you stop and the voice
inside your head tells you I'm not a
good person and like I don't deserve
that so I'm gonna stop and it's so
[ __ ] insidious I hate it so much oh
my god but it happens we did a interview
many many months ago when we were a tiny
tiny stream with this guy named crucify
and I think he illustrates that well but
and like I mean come on dude like cut
yourself some slack
cuz if I mean if as long as you believe
that you don't deserve to do better
you're theirs I mean people are like how
do I put my life together you start by
acknowledging that you deserve a life
that is worth living like that's where
you start do you believe that about
yourself do you believe that you deserve
to be happy
or at least that you deserve a chance at
happiness and if the answer is no like
that's your [ __ ] problem where did
you learn that where did you learn that
you're you don't deserve a chance to be
happy anyway I don't know where to go
from there I'm smack - OH
I have to work today
after this okay think about this okay so
let me just collect my thoughts for a
moment here
boomer is learning boomer learn a--the
okay alright so
okay so call me Carson you magnificent
bastard dead thousand dollar donation so
now we're gonna say something okay so
you guys don't make you [ __ ] deserve
help well call me Carson [ __ ]
disagrees and he says you guys
absolutely deserve help and he's giving
ten thousand dollars to us so that we
can give you what you [ __ ] deserve
which is help you magnificent bastard
thank you very much and for all of you
guys who believe that you don't deserve
help call me Carson night vision and
sprin [ __ ] beg to disagree and
they're putting their money where their
mouth is and so y'all if you think you
don't deserve help like I'm not gonna
accept that excuse because a lot of
people disagree so yeah you for those of
you who don't believe that you you know
for those of you don't believe you
deserve help you can go [ __ ] yourselves
I'm putting putting words in called me
Carson's mouth and also night vision
than everyone else who's donated and we
don't wanna we also don't want to forget
like all the other people who are you
know to have donated six dollars and
ninety cents
nice one kono gaijin but you know like
every little bit helps and we're really
grateful for it
so so if most is this also say on the
altar of sacrifice for twitch we're
gonna make them a [ __ ] bio-data and
we're gonna send it we're gonna like
tweet it out and we're gonna see what
kind of person on the internet wants to
have a date with Moses then we're gonna
do a virtual date and then we're gonna
we're gonna pop us a [ __ ] popcorn
and we're gonna eat it and enjoy it is
is he giveth of himself it's good I
think I think we may actually hit 100k
okay so thanks to our Lando Blakely for
all the gifted subs bro and just just a
reminder that so we actually hit our
full funding goal for the month so we're
really grateful for that so massive
amount of subs Orlando Blakeley thank
you very much and yeah so let me just
share a couple things so the may is
mental health awareness month and you
know we've been streaming on Twitch for
like six or seven months now and we try
to raise awareness for mental health
issues like every time we stream but
we're really asking for some support to
build some of the services that we think
our community needs and at the top of
the list for the services that we think
the community needs one is that like
one-on-one work matters and I think that
I just can't you know streaming is a
powerful and important but I think that
everyone sort of you know deserves the
opportunity to have what people who come
on here on stream cloth which is that
for a compassionate and authentic human
being to like listen to what they have
to say and try to support them through
that through it
and I can't do it for all of you I just
like it's like literally time and space
constrain what I can do so I I'd love to
do it for each and every one of you if
our communities 20 people would be
awesome we'd be done but it's bigger and
I'm sort of glad that it's bigger
because that's what that's what we need
right now right like that's who we are
where the I wasn't kidding when when I
was trying to virtually embrace Kate
when she was like 11 and joined the
Internet's and came home to her people
because that's us and we're all a little
bit broken and we all deserve a little
bit help a little bit of help and that's
what our coaching program is is
therefore so we'll see if this grand
experiment works I wouldn't have asked
for money until we knew it was working
basically
so we collected a bunch of data I
designed a study I designed a lot of you
know Harvard Andy instruments and I'm
confident that it actually can help
people which is why we're actually doing
it so the you know all the testing and
stuff was on our end but now that I've
now that we've actually helped we had
people enroll in our beta program and
they worked with coaches for eight
months and those people felt like it was
helpful
and so now that I have now that I'm
confident that this can help in some way
shape or form like now it's about
actually providing it for you guys so so
it's fully funded now so thank you guys
very much it 100k we start a scholarship
fund and we're gonna have Moses's edate
so the other thing guys is anything else
we we raise after 75 K is actually going
to subsidize free coaching and so we
recognize that a lot of people so we're
making coaching super cheap you know
it's gonna be like way cheaper than
going to a therapist because it's not
therapy but and and we're still
committed to offering you know services
to people irrespective of their ability
to pay
and we're kind of working on on that and
so yeah and so we're committed to that
and you know we really try to make our
content as easily accessible and
available as possible and then one last
thing to think a little bit about is
that on Friday so I don't know exactly
what we're doing on why is everyone
saying
keemstar is that a person course that
like a word
I can't tell see I don't know if you
guys are talking about people or like is
that like POG how do you guys see how
that's confusing because when you're
like pogchamp like i don't know if
pogchamp is a person or just something
that people say because
pogchamp countess sounds like sounds
like keemstar like as a keemstar a thing